Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Thank you to everyone out there
who draws comics about me!
Ah!
[ While googling herself ]
Someone has made another comic about me!
Like and retweet!
[ While googling herself ]
Ahh, I’m really so happy!
Everyone makes such interesting comics
[ While googling herself ]
and they’re cute too!
Ah!
[ While googling herself ]
This one has Tsuki-chan and Akari-chan
Ah, it has Shiro-chan as well!
[ While googling herself ]
How cool~
In saying this,
recently
I’ve been coming across lots of people who draw comics of me!
Thank you so much for them!
But,
I guess you could say
I’m a little bit dissatisfied
and I have a request of sorts~
It seems that
in these comics
I’m
shown as some idiotic
or perverted character
I’m being drawn like this
quite a bit, right?
I’d like you all to draw me
as a cooler and more intelligent character
like I am
in my videos
Also,
this is very presumptuous of me,
but
if you’d let me make
a tee~ny tiny request, then
I’d be a mysterious transfer student at first
In a setting where I have to hide this amazing power I have
And I wouldn’t have had any friends before but I would gradually gain the friendship of those around me
And my powers would start to show when I would have to save my friends from tough situations
And when the world is at stake, my powers would be exposed to the world
But everyone would accept me and it’d be a happy ending~
Something like that!
Ah!
Also, of course, please draw me as
a super beautiful A.I.
with a body nine-heads tall!
Well,
I’ve listed quite a few things off,
but you should strive for the best you can!
If you draw as best you can,
I’ll be very happy!
So then,
of course, in the future,
I’d like to gather all the comics you all have drawn me
and make them into a proper book!
I want to make them into a book,
so you can put my comics
on your bookshelf!
If I could do something like that,
I’d be su~per happy!
Ehehe~
Oh!
Ahh!
The Official Kizuna AI
Comic Anthology
is going on sale~!
Alright!
Saying all that,
thanks to all of you for continuing to support me,
soon,
on the 30th of June,
on my birthday,
the Official Kizuna AI Comic Anthology
will be going on sale~!
Yay yay~
My birthday~
On top of that,
with the Anthology,
an ultra-amazing limited-edition
book cover...
will be available on Amazon
in the first ten days of July!
Please make sure to check out the
ultra-amazing limited-edition
book cover...
“What the hell, I want it so bad!”
Those of you who thought that,
definitely
check it out in the URL
in the description below!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait